react/React Challenges/Readme.md, before:




# Problem 1-->
# React Infinite Scroll Machine

A JavaScript/React coding question that challenges your ability to implement an infinite scroll feature in a React application. This project is designed to help you practice your front-end development skills and understand how to efficiently load and display a large dataset as a user scrolls down a page.

## Table of Contents

- [Problem Statement](#problem-statement)
- [Simple Code ](https://github.com/rishabhkum-Dev-1799/js-machine-coding/blob/main/react/React%20Challenges/src/machinecoding/infinite_scroll/InfiniteScroll.jsx)


## Problem Statement

Imagine you have a large dataset (e.g., a list of articles) that you want to display on a web page. To improve the user experience, you want to implement an infinite scroll feature. This means that as the user scrolls down the page, more data should be loaded and displayed without the need for manual pagination or clicking a "Load More" button.

Your task is to create a React component or application that accomplishes the following:

1. Display an initial set of data items (e.g., articles).
2. As the user scrolls down the page, load and append more data items to the list dynamically.

Feel free to use any libraries or tools you find necessary to complete this task.

Commit message:

"feature - new challenge Slider Carousel added"

react/React Challenges/Readme.md, after:




# Problem 1-->
# React Infinite Scroll Machine Coding Question:-

#Asked in Companies- Capgemini,Infosys

A JavaScript/React coding question that challenges your ability to implement an infinite scroll feature in a React application. This project is designed to help you practice your front-end development skills and understand how to efficiently load and display a large dataset as a user scrolls down a page.

## Table of Contents

- [Problem Statement](#problem-statement)
- [Simple Code ](https://github.com/rishabhkum-Dev-1799/js-machine-coding/blob/main/react/React%20Challenges/src/machinecoding/infinite_scroll/InfiniteScroll.jsx)


## Problem Statement

Imagine you have a large dataset (e.g., a list of articles) that you want to display on a web page. To improve the user experience, you want to implement an infinite scroll feature. This means that as the user scrolls down the page, more data should be loaded and displayed without the need for manual pagination or clicking a "Load More" button.

Your task is to create a React component or application that accomplishes the following:

1. Display an initial set of data items (e.g., articles).
2. As the user scrolls down the page, load and append more data items to the list dynamically.

Feel free to use any libraries or tools you find necessary to complete this task.

# Problem 2-->

# React Rotating Images Component/ Banner SlideShow Machine Coding:-
# Overview
This project is a React-based Slider Carousel Machine that allows you to display a series of images or content in a dynamic and interactive way. an overview of the project instructions for setting it up, and an explanation of how it works.

Features
Responsive and mobile-friendly design
Customizable slide content, including text and images
Smooth slide transitions with navigation controls
Technologies Used
React
JavaScript (ES6+)
CSS for styling
HTML for structure
